Shangguan is here
You are great
You want to divorce me?
It's not that your Shangguan family is going bankrupt now
Don't come and beg me
Xiao Lingtian, what do you want?
What's up?
Do you see this road?
Climb this staircase to that terrace
I let it go.
How can you not do that?
Then wait for you to become famous with your twin royal family
And so forth.
I do
Climb faster, the bitch didn't eat
You said if you had followed the door earlier
How do you know this crime?
It's all you who asked for a bitch
Ah, what?
Can't hold on
Then the previous promise may not be fulfilled.
You are really Shangguan
No, you can't.
Kobayashi
I climbed here.
As promised, you must let go of my Shangguan family
Shangguan Ya, do you really think I will let you go?
Shangguan family hahaha
You've been played.